Reference: https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/


  * [ Sign In ](https://wstaging.cloudconformity.com/identity/sign-in.html)
  * [ Buy ](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-g232pyu6l55l4?applicationId=AWSMPContessa)
  * [ Free Trial  ](https://cloudone.trendmicro.com/SignUp.screen?)

* * *

[ ![Logo of Trend Micro](/cloudoneconformity-
staging/assets/v2/images/common/logo.svg?1731045391734592674)
](https://trendmicro.com/cloudoneconformity-staging/)

  * Knowledge Base 

    * [ AWS ](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/)
    * [ Azure ](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/azure/)
    * [ GCP ](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/gcp/)
    * [ Conformity ](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/cloudconformity/)

  * Products 

    * [ Cloud Oneâ¢ - Conformity ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudone-conformity)
    * [ All Cloud Oneâ¢ Services ](https://www.trendmicro.com/hybridcloud)

  * [ Help  ](https://wstaging.cloudconformity.com/help)
  * 

  * Knowledge Base 

    * [ AWS  ](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/)
    * [ Azure  ](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/azure/)
    * [ GCP  ](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/gcp/)
    * [ Conformity  ](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/cloudconformity/)

  * Products 

    * [ Cloud Oneâ¢ - Conformity  ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudone-conformity)
    * [ All Cloud Oneâ¢ Services  ](https://www.trendmicro.com/hybridcloud)

  * [ Help  ](https://wstaging.cloudconformity.com/help)

  * [ Sign In  ](https://wstaging.cloudconformity.com/identity/sign-in.html)
  * [ Buy  ](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-g232pyu6l55l4?applicationId=AWSMPContessa)
  * [ Free Trial  ](https://cloudone.trendmicro.com/SignUp.screen?)

Use the Conformity Knowledge Base AI to help improve your Cloud Posture [ ð¬
Conformity Knowledge Base AI >
](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudoneconformity/ai-assistant-kb.html)

  * [Knowledge Base](/knowledge-base/ "Best practice knowledge base homepage")
  * [Amazon Web Services](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/ "Best practice knowledge base for Amazon Web Services")
  * Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)

# AWS EKS Best Practices

AWS

##  Best practice rules for Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)

Trend Micro Cloud Oneâ¢ â Conformity monitors Amazon Elastic Kubernetes
Service (EKS) with the following rules:

  * [Check for the CoreDNS Add-On Version](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/eks-aws-managed-core-dns-addon.html)

Ensure that the CoreDNS add-on version matches the EKS cluster's Kubernetes
version.

  * [Disable Remote Access to EKS Cluster Node Groups](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/eks-node-group-remote-access.html)

Ensure that remote access to EKS cluster node groups is disabled.

  * [EKS Cluster Endpoint Public Access](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/endpoint-access.html)

Ensure that AWS EKS cluster endpoint access isn't public and prone to security
risks.

  * [EKS Cluster Node Group IAM Role Policies](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/worker-nodes-managed-policies.html)

Ensure that EKS Cluster node groups are using appropriate permissions.

  * [EKS Security Groups](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/security-groups.html)

Ensure that AWS EKS security groups are configured to allow incoming traffic
only on TCP port 443.

  * [Enable CloudTrail Logging for Kubernetes API Calls](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/eks-logging-kubes-api-calls.html)

Ensure that all Kubernetes API calls are logged using Amazon CloudTrail.

  * [Enable Envelope Encryption for EKS Kubernetes Secrets](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/enable-envelope-encryption.html)

Ensure that envelope encryption of Kubernetes secrets using Amazon KMS is
enabled.

  * [Kubernetes Cluster Logging](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/cluster-logging.html)

Ensure that EKS control plane logging is enabled for your Amazon EKS clusters.

  * [Kubernetes Cluster Version](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/kubernetes-version.html)

Ensure that the latest version of Kubernetes is installed on your Amazon EKS
clusters.

  * [Monitor Amazon EKS Configuration Changes](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/configuration-changes.html)

Amazon EKS configuration changes have been detected within your Amazon Web
Services account.

  * [Use AWS-managed policy to Manage Networking Resources](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/eks-iam-managed-policy-networking.html)

Ensure that EKS cluster node groups implement the "AmazonEKS_CNI_Policy"
managed policy.

  * [Use AWS-managed policy to access Amazon ECR Repositories](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/managed-policy-ecr-access.html)

Ensure that EKS cluster node groups implement the
"AmazonEC2ContainerRegistryReadOnly" managed policy.

  * [Use AWS-managed policy to manage AWS resources](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/eks-aws-managed-iam-policy.html)

Ensure that Amazon EKS clusters implement the "AmazonEKSClusterPolicy" managed
policy.

  * [Use OIDC Provider for Authenticating Kubernetes API Calls](/cloudoneconformity-staging/knowledge-base/aws/EKS/eks-oidc-provider-api-calls.html)

Ensure that Amazon EKS clusters are using an OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider.

* * *

Whether your cloud exploration is just starting to take shape, youâre mid-
way through a migration or youâre already running complex workloads in the
cloud, Conformity offers full visibility into your overall security and
governance posture across various standards and frameworks.

##  Continuous security & compliance for cloud environments. Grow and scale
your business with confidence

[ Try it for free  ](https://cloudone.trendmicro.com/SignUp.screen?) [ Get
pricing  ](https://resources.trendmicro.com/cloud-one-conformity-pricing.html)

Products

  * [ Conformity ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudone-conformity)
  * [ Workload Security ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudone-workload)
  * [ Container Security ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudone-image)
  * [ File Storage Security ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudone-file)
  * [ Application Security ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudone-app)
  * [ Network Security ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudone-net)

Solutions For

  * [ Cloud Migration ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloud-migration-security)
  * [ Cloud Operational Excellence ](https://www.trendmicro.com/opexcellence)
  * [ Cloud Native App Development ](https://www.trendmicro.com/nativeappdev)
  * [ Data Center Security ](https://www.trendmicro.com/security-data-center-virtualization)

Help

  * [ Help by Topic ](https://wstaging.cloudconformity.com/help)
  * [ Help AI Assistant ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudoneconformity/ai-assistant-help.html)
  * [ API Documentation ](https://cloudone.trendmicro.com/docs/conformity/api-reference/)
  * [ Contact Us ](https://resources.trendmicro.com/Hybrid-Cloud-Security-Contact-Us.html)
  * [ Knowledge Base AI Assistant ](https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudoneconformity/ai-assistant-kb.html)

Company

  * [ About Us ](https://www.trendmicro.com/about)
  * [ Careers ](https://www.trendmicro.com/careers)
  * [ Newsroom ](https://www.trendmicro.com/newsroom)

Privacy and Protection

  * [ Terms and Conditions ](https://wstaging.cloudconformity.com/terms-and-conditions.html)
  * [ Privacy Policy ](https://www.trendmicro.com/privacy)
  * [ Report a Security Vulnerability ](https://wstaging.cloudconformity.com/responsible-disclosure.html)

[ ](https://www.facebook.com/TrendMicro/) [ ](https://twitter.com/trendmicro)
[ ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/trend-micro) [
](http://feeds.trendmicro.com/TrendMicroSimplySecurity) [
](https://www.youtube.com/user/TrendMicroInc)

Copyright Â© 2024 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved. Version
v1.188.9-292-ge4636574

